hi this is dr. greg campbell welcome to
our video here today we're going to be
discussing Sarek four-point-oh the
newest version that was released the
united states approximately eight weeks
ago we're going to go over all the way
from administration which is the
beginning of the software and take you
all the way through margination so going
to be a fun video and we're going to
just kind of show you all the ins and
outs give you a little tricks along the
way so let's get started alright this is
your Start screen when you first start
out the program we're going to go ahead
and look at this the very top you have
phases and we're going to slowly go
through all this but your face bar is
going to tell you what phase you are in
the whole process of going from A to Z
here know about the bottom i love this
is the step bar it's going to give us
our tasks that need to be completed
during each phase as we're bringing up
new patients you can show all patients
when you're first getting started you
can add a new patient if they're not
currently in the software or if you have
a bunch of patients already in you can
use this bar right here selecting by
name or by the dentist and put the
patient's the same way as last time you
need 3ds filled out first three is what
we do and the third one you see the
birth date or the scan date once you're
done here we're going to go ahead and
hit in add a new case so when you click
on add a new case it's going to take you
to what looks like a typo not and i love
these photorealistic elements for the
new software you're going to select a
bridge or a single unit select the tooth
number and then it's going to bring you
to this screen and i like this screaming
is going to ask you what are you doing
you're doing a pull crown or inlay
online remember if you have any part of
a cusp remaining you have to call that
an inlay on land our Sarek software okay
so we're going to go ahead and select a
crown it's highlighted in orange we're
going to click select our design method
which is now individual copy or
reference the correlation is now called
bio generic copy okay you're going to
now follow the step bar at the bottom if
you have multiple milling chambers
there's a lot of office is doing in our
select material this is where a lot of
people get in trouble if you don't
select it's going to default to the
surround the block and you have to go
back at the milling phase and change it
so it's better to get it done right here
so you slept on your material you're
going to use the product and you're
going to click on the ok button
here we go all right so far so good so
make sure you select your material at
that face and save all the time and
takes you back to this make sure you
have the right tooth and you select
another tooth you want to put it in this
is where you do multiple restorations or
you just click the double arrow which we
call the Chevron and we go forward so
now in the acquisition phase let's get
imaging which is what we like to do this
is so simple in this phase you're going
to automatically go down to the very
bottom make sure that you take your
images in the proper catalog we now have
upper arch lower arch and buckle bike
instead of antagonists it's gone and I'm
so glad all right so when we're in this
phase we're gonna go ahead and our live
cameras going to show where we have our
warmer down on our acquisition unit
start with the most posterior image put
the crosshairs on there go ahead and
start capturing your images work your
way toward the anterior and on your last
image you're going to roll that about 15
to 20 degrees to the buckle which will
aid in your buckle bite imaging so just
to understand you can turn the camera
off and on by that little camera icon in
the lower left and look at you can still
do manual capture and if you're still
are into doing that or if you have a
tough patient all right it's going to
take three to five images to make a
complete quadrant model like this and
that's what's going to get your last
image please make sure you roll that to
the buckle that's a really nice trick it
helps with your buckle bite stitching
where it gets that attached tissue and
last but not least is a very expensive
mistake always make sure you lock the
camera back in the holder okay now we're
going to do our buckle bite which is
absolutely fantastic there's nothing new
on here except I just think it works
better I always stitch believe it or not
the lower arch of now I'm going to show
you the upper arch first I think the
engineers in Germany you prefer it that
way but I think it works cited we're
very well you're going to grab the blue
I'm sorry grab the grey bring it up let
go of it it's going to grab it then grab
the gray put onto your lower arch you're
going to get your stitching this is an
incredibly accurate way of doing your
bike okay so now we're going to our
model phase okay still right there shows
you in your face Gooden you're going to
click a four button now edit modeling is
not necessary and I really want to tell
you stick to the advanced users only on
doing this you can really get in a lot
of trouble or you can blow apart your
model out or it's not going to see fully
because you're taking too much material
away but this is a good way to clean up
a model if need be or have a little
slight imperfections
we'll go over a different video on how
to use those later alright so a red line
the very bottom in your step mean you're
going to indicate a mandatory step okay
you trimming is not mandatory but we're
just going to show you how to do it here
and I don't really trim too many models
to be honest with you but I think it's
important to know how to do it it's just
like margining double click to start
single click to tack double click to
complete the line which will remove part
of the model you can slow this video
down and just kind of read as we're
going here as well okay if you get the
ghost image like you didn't previous
fast double click on the ghost image
it's going to then correct it and bring
that proper thing up it's very important
to trimming models to make sure the
ghost image is gone drawing the margin
we got great enhancements with
margination I think it's even more
accurate if possible than before you
double click to start you have the auto
you have manual and you have the high
intensity which works very very well
here so once you've double click to
injure margination you're going to
define your assertion access very
critical stage once you've lined it up
in a mesial distal direction you got
equal amounts your contacts that's going
to help in your biogenic proposal the
proposals with this thing software is
are fantastic all right now we're all
set for the design phase we're ready to
go thanks for your time on this I
appreciate it i'm great dr. greg
campbell